recommend using Virtual COM instead of an external USB <-> Serial module (#148)
rust-embedded/discovery: src/10-serial-communication/loopbacks.md

- Finally, on the minicom/PuTTY console, you should see that what you type echoes back to the
  console.

## Newer board revision

If you have a newer revision of the board you can set up a loopback by shorting
the PC4 and PC5 pins using a female to female jumper wire, like [you did for the
SWO pin](../06-hello-world/index.html).

You should now be able to send data to yourself.

Now try to enter some text into minicom/PuTTY and observe.

> **NOTE**: To rule out the possibility of the existing firmware doing weird
> things to the serial pins (PC4 and PC5) we recommend *holding* the reset
> button while you enter text into minicom/PuTTY.

> If all is working you should see what you typo echo back to the minicom/PuTTY

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If all is working you should see what you type echoed back to minicom/PuTTY
```
